chore(components): Update language menu accessible description implementation (#6923)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/common-animals-kick.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': minor
'@swisspost/design-system-components': minor
---

> Update the `post-language-menu` accessible description to use a template with a `#name` placeholder, which is dynamically replaced with the selected language name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
'@swisspost/design-system-components': minor
---

Updated the `post-language-menu` accessible description to use a template with a `#name` placeholder, which is dynamically replaced with the selected language name.
```
